Dominique Pozo: Hi Daniel
Hi.
Dominique Pozo: Bo. Sorry, I just
Dominique Pozo: I see your name on the bottom of the screen. And I just say it, but yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, no problem.
Dominique Pozo: How's it going,
Nathaniel Sims: It's going okay
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Dominique Pozo: Well, what would you like to address today.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know.
Nathaniel Sims: I
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: What's going on.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know, I just feel really angry today is the reason
Dominique Pozo: That something triggered.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm not sure.
Nathaniel Sims: I don't think so. I mean, I just
Nathaniel Sims: I had a fairly normal day I just
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know. I'm just upset or angry, I guess, for some reason.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm.
Dominique Pozo: I mean, the first thing that comes to my mind is you're actually choosing recovery which part of that is choosing to feel things that in the past, you would
Dominique Pozo: Probably
Dominique Pozo: You know gloss over by using and then you bury those feelings so it makes sense to me that some of this is coming up.
Right.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, it's been so long since I've
Nathaniel Sims: Not had any kind of feelings.
Nathaniel Sims: I guess it's just
Nathaniel Sims: It's not even that really significant, but it just feels more significant than it is, you know,
Dominique Pozo: And sometimes when I have waves of anger.
Dominique Pozo: There's a couple reasons why that could happen in one oftentimes is that my boundaries have been crossed did anything happen in the last 24 hours where you felt that you know your boundaries were crossed or something, but kind of pass the limit for you.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm
Nathaniel Sims: Not really. I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: I guess my
Nathaniel Sims: Me and my my girlfriend have been fighting, but
Nathaniel Sims: It's not really anything out of the ordinary.
Dominique Pozo: Is that what your fingers connected to
Nathaniel Sims: I don't think so, because, I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: She just walked in the door like a minute before I got on here so I haven't really had a chance to talk to her, but
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: I'm gonna pull up a feelings, a list of feelings through the nonviolent communication, the work that I just really resonate with and a big part of the work is identifying feelings naming needs and then making requests. And it's really helpful to have
Dominique Pozo: A
Dominique Pozo: Just a guide as to being able to name more feelings that might be present.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: So I'm pulling it up right now. Let's see.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Let's get back to you. So I'm going to share the screen so just if you can get a piece of paper and a pen, that would be great.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I got one.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. So just pick, pick
Dominique Pozo: Pick maybe the top
Dominique Pozo: Maybe five or so that you're really able to connect with. And there's two parts of this page. So I'll hold this one up for a couple minutes, and then I'll scroll through and if there's more than five. Go for it. But definitely, at least five
Dominique Pozo: Can I move to the lower part of the page.
Nathaniel Sims: Oh yeah, sure. Okay.
There we go.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, I think I got
Nathaniel Sims: I got six
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Let's, um, so tell me what what you got.
Nathaniel Sims: I got exhausted.
Nathaniel Sims: Ashamed anxious
Nathaniel Sims: Irritable annoyed and depress
Dominique Pozo: Do any of those
Dominique Pozo: Or do you have any like stories connected to any of those or instances that you can relate to them.
Nathaniel Sims: Um,
Nathaniel Sims: I'm just
Nathaniel Sims: I guess I
Nathaniel Sims: I'm exhausted, because I work all the time. And I'm and then I'm
Nathaniel Sims: Trying to do
Nathaniel Sims: I'm trying to do too many things at once.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, I know why I'm exhausted. I just
Nathaniel Sims: Sometimes I feel like I'd rather be busy than
Nathaniel Sims: Than that and and being busy is not
Nathaniel Sims: Is not
Nathaniel Sims: Something that doesn't take energy. You know, I mean, it takes a lot of energy to be busy.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: Ashamed I guess I'm ashamed because I
Nathaniel Sims: Let so many people down around me.
Nathaniel Sims: For so long that
Nathaniel Sims: I don't even think
Nathaniel Sims: A lot of them know how hard. I've been trying the last few weeks.
Nathaniel Sims: And then
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's let's let on for a moment. So two things that I'm hearing needs are maybe some acknowledgement. Is that something that would be a am
Dominique Pozo: Or validation. Would that be something that would be important and a value to you.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, can you write those down.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: So acknowledgement validation and then know what the first thing that you were saying, do you think some rest and space to be
Dominique Pozo: Are those some needs that are inherent to those feelings. You're having
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, some more rest and space.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: I feel anxious
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, I don't feel anxious right now, but I know that
Nathaniel Sims: I feel I get. I get
Nathaniel Sims: This and this is I think a reason why I have problems sleeping is because
Nathaniel Sims: I will, I will wake up at around like two
Nathaniel Sims: Three o'clock in the morning and I
Nathaniel Sims: I stand right up out of it. It doesn't matter how deep sleep that I've been
Nathaniel Sims: I stand right up and I
Nathaniel Sims: I have to like shake my arms out and then I I feel like I have like this.
Nathaniel Sims: This heart, my heart rate is going and then I'm like,
Nathaniel Sims: I just, I feel like really worried about what's going on.
Nathaniel Sims: And then it takes me about a half an hour to
Nathaniel Sims: Calm down.
Nathaniel Sims: And that, I think that
Nathaniel Sims: interruption of my sleep is
Nathaniel Sims: Not helping you know
Dominique Pozo: Hmm. So it sounds like the rest. Again, like that's the neat I'm hearing us for more deep sustained dressed for your whole system.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: Is there anything else you need in these these early hours of the morning when you're up. Can you identify any other needs that are there.
Nathaniel Sims: That I need. I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Like do you need to be comforted in those times. So
Nathaniel Sims: I'm not sure. I don't know if that would help or not.
Nathaniel Sims: I've never had that
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Well, definitely. The rest is coming up again just
Dominique Pozo: Yeah yeah
Dominique Pozo: What's that
Nathaniel Sims: I just sometimes I'm just so
Nathaniel Sims: Tired.
Nathaniel Sims: When I was on heroin had an excuse, you know, but now I don't. So it's like
Nathaniel Sims: But, but then again, I can't
Nathaniel Sims: Get rest.
Nathaniel Sims: To alleviate that tiredness, you know, it just
Nathaniel Sims: I don't know.
Dominique Pozo: Well, it sounds like you're really being confronted at the moment with
Dominique Pozo: Your yourself is still working towards a place of more balance and
Dominique Pozo: And you're not there yet quite yet.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How about them.
Dominique Pozo: About some of the other ones.
Nathaniel Sims: I put irritable.
Nathaniel Sims: Annoyed and depressed.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, that's probably all has
Nathaniel Sims: Has to do with the same thing, you know.
Dominique Pozo: We're name that same thing
Nathaniel Sims: Just being tired, I guess.
Dominique Pozo: Mm hmm definitely been tired is huge. I mean impact so much
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah I don't I don't feel
Nathaniel Sims: Like I have any motivation, you know, to get
Nathaniel Sims: The things that I want to get done.
Nathaniel Sims: Done.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: How's it going with and it sounds like you're pretty full on with work. So I don't even know if this is a relevant question right now, but I am wondering, did. Were you able to make any time or space.
Dominique Pozo: To play your drums. This week, or
Nathaniel Sims: And now, not, not yet.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm planning on taking
Nathaniel Sims: I'm just gonna go in, maybe for the first half orc tomorrow.
Nathaniel Sims: And then I want to get out.
Nathaniel Sims: And
Nathaniel Sims: Maybe go hiking or something.
Nathaniel Sims: Only because
Nathaniel Sims: I, I worked 312 hour days, Monday, Tuesday, or Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Nathaniel Sims: So there were three long days.
Dominique Pozo: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: So I don't really have to work very long tomorrow.
Dominique Pozo: What sounds good. Sounds good to balance out so much work with some pleasure. Some pleasurable activity and being outside and not having to show up in a particular way.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Well, what do you think you need today, what would be most helpful. Would it be helpful to you know continue on with the session for another half hour or do you think resting is what you really
Dominique Pozo: would serve you most today.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I see some rest without
Dominique Pozo: I mean, it's good for me to hear what's going on with you and it's a good check in. I am definitely
Dominique Pozo: One question that's coming up for me is, you know, have, have there been any suicidal thoughts, no last week.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, good.
Dominique Pozo: Well, I'm here, I'm here and I'm happy to be here for another half hour. I just, I really want to check into your what you need. Most today. So I'm hearing rest and and I also want you to know. I'm here if you wanted to keep talking.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, I think just
Nathaniel Sims: I'm just tired.
Dominique Pozo: Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Well, let's call it a day. I, I really appreciated that in the past with my therapist when I'm just so worn out that will back in those times. I was able to see them in person and I would just take a nap. I would sleep.
Dominique Pozo: In my therapist had all these stuffed animals, and I would go in the corner. And I would just sleep for the rest of the session because I really needed that.
Dominique Pozo: Um,
Dominique Pozo: It's awesome. It is awesome and I really appreciate it. It's like, Gosh, I needed to carve out this time for therapy to just get some rest.
Dominique Pozo: So let's, let's just do that today. Let's call it good and I am really recognizing your depletion exhaustion.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: And then
Dominique Pozo: What before we do that, what can you do next week to maybe create a little more balance so that you don't get to this point.
Nathaniel Sims: I'm
Nathaniel Sims: Sorry if I get to bed earlier. And if I
Nathaniel Sims: If I
Nathaniel Sims: Don't spend so much time at work. I mean,
Nathaniel Sims: Because of this virus thing going on. There's only three of us that work. So we're doing
Nathaniel Sims: We're doing the work of like 25 people three
Nathaniel Sims: Like
Nathaniel Sims: Maybe I can tell I could I could I could tell my boss that hey,
Nathaniel Sims: I need a little bit more me time
Dominique Pozo: And I
Dominique Pozo: Think he he or she would be receptive to that and meet that need for you.
Nathaniel Sims: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Oh, good.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, I've always been
Nathaniel Sims: The go to guy for anything.
Nathaniel Sims: I mean if if he needed me to drive to
Nathaniel Sims: Unreal at five o'clock in the afternoon. I could do it, you know.
Nathaniel Sims: So maybe I just tell them, hey, I need a little bit more
Nathaniel Sims: More of a
Nathaniel Sims: laid back schedule.
Nathaniel Sims: And then
Nathaniel Sims: The other thing is, maybe
Nathaniel Sims: I've just I think I've been Worrying. Worrying about
Nathaniel Sims: Other people around me since I've started the program.
Nathaniel Sims: That
Nathaniel Sims: You know, I think they've been I think they've been worried about me. So I've been trying to reassure them that this is something that is good, you know,
Nathaniel Sims: And that kind of got me stressed out a little bit and
Nathaniel Sims: Some so maybe I I think I need to focus on myself a little more
Dominique Pozo: That's great. I mean, what comes up for me when I hear that is maybe this tendency to care take others which it's not your responsibility, you know,
Dominique Pozo: Everyone as adults are responsible for their own feelings and communicate them.
Dominique Pozo: And you're you're in a really deep process right now that's that requires a lot of attention.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And one thing I'm catching from what you're saying is, you know, maybe I can talk to my boss and ask for more laid back schedule and maybe I can
Dominique Pozo: Focus more on myself. I'm just going to invite you to really own it. Like, I'm going to talk to my boss and request a more laid back schedule and I'm going to take this week and really focus on me and not worry about what others are going through in regards to me so much.
Okay.
Nathaniel Sims: Because that maybe it kind of leaves a backdoor of, like, Yeah, I could do it. Maybe not. And
Dominique Pozo: I just, I really want to support you in committing to these things that I, I believe you know will help you
Yeah.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, that's a good idea. I, I always I always tend to leave that back door because
Nathaniel Sims: If somebody is in distress or needs my help, and
Nathaniel Sims: I
Nathaniel Sims: I've, I've always
Nathaniel Sims: at the drop of a hat like
Nathaniel Sims: Two o'clock in the morning. If somebody broke down. You know I'm always the guy they thought
Nathaniel Sims: That maybe I need to put my foot down, you know,
Maybe
Nathaniel Sims: So,
Nathaniel Sims: I mean, yes, I need to put my
Dominique Pozo: This is gonna be a good one to keep catching yourself just really pay attention to the amount of times that you say maybe
Nathaniel Sims: Right, right.
Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And I think I just want to reflect back that with these actions you're taking. It's all in the service of your recovery. It's not to, you know, slack off at work or dismiss people's feelings. It's, it's to make hopefully make yourself a better person for your work and your people.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: And namely yourself. Yeah.
Dominique Pozo: Alright, Bo. I'm going to just honor your need for rest and and call it good for today. Just going to look at my schedule here. So I have you I have you down for next week, same time. Does that sound good.
Nathaniel Sims: Yeah, that's works.
Okay.
Dominique Pozo: Okay, great. Well, and I really wish you a restored of the evening.
Nathaniel Sims: Okay, thank you very much.
Dominique Pozo: Okay. Bye bye.